>> Brian Holt: So we talked about how to
like kind of connect all these things
together manually,
which again, I don't really do.
I learned how to do a bunch of this
like networking stuff, mostly for
this class, right?
You basically never have to do it,
just like you don't really need to create
containers by hand, because there's tools
that just do it for you much more simply.
So I'm gonna show you two of them.
We're gonna talk about Docker Compose, and
we're gonna talk about Kubernetes, and
then I'm gonna add this
project here called kompose,
with a K that takes Docker Kompose files
and makes them into Kubernetes files.
Let's talk about just briefly
the difference of use cases here
Docker Compose is for,
I'm gonna say one it's perfect for
just local use cases where you're
I need to spin up five containers.
I need them to network over this way.
And this is how I'm going
to do all my development.
Docker compose is like a plus
definitely use Docker Compose,
that's what it's built for.
They used to say don't use
Docker Compose in production and
they've kind of ruled that back now.
He's like, if you have a simple use
case with like five containers and
like that's it, or
five container types, right?
Docker Compose can handle that
kind of traffic in production.
Anything that's any more
complicated than that,
or you have things like scale to zero, or
you wanna use things like Native where
there's you have like functions and stuff
like that, running into your cluster,
you're into Kubernetes
territory at that point.
I don't use Kubernetes locally,
I don't build Kubernetes projects myself,
for the most part,
just as a developer, right?
At that point, I probably need Kubernetes
experts help because Kubernetes
is both amazing and it's a pretty
complicated beast to run well.
I'm not gonna say it's overly complicated.
It's as complicated as it needs to be
to handle the use cases that it has.
So, it's a fantastic project.
Okay, so
let's pop into Docker Compose here.
I love it,
I'm a massive Docker Compose fan.
I have been since they first released it.
So, basically everything that we were
doing that we were kind of composing
things by hand using the CLI, it's just
gonna end up in a configuration file.
And what's nice about that is that's
more of our cattle mentality, right?
Where we're able to just like add this
to a Git repo and source control it,
and we can just say docker-compose up and
do everything we need to do and
then tear it all down once we're done
at the end, which I think is cool.
>> Brian Holt: So, one thing,
watch out for this dash here.
If you see docker-compose,
that is V1 of Docker Compose.
If you see a docker space compose,
that's V2.
I know that confused me for
a long time is like,
why does it sometimes have a dash and
what it is it sometimes not?
That's why.
Docker Compose used to
be its own binary and
now composed is a top level
item inside of the docker CLI.
Functionally for most things that you and
I are gonna be doing,
they're almost the same.
But if you do see like stack overflow
answers that have the dash in them,
just know that you're looking at a V1
answer and it might be slightly different.
So do note that Docker compose
is suitable for production.
If you have a single instance
running multiple containers,
if you have anything more than that,
Kubernetes is probably where you wanna go,
or swarm, or Mesos, or
any of the other ones.
Kubernetes is just the most popular one.
Docker compose is also super
useful on CI/CD scenarios, right?
So if you need to stand up a mini cluster
to run a bunch of integration tests or
something like that,
Docker Compose is great for that as well.